test/screenshots/README.md, before:

# Visual Regression Baseline Screenshots

This directory contains baseline screenshots for visual regression tests.

## Files

| Screenshot | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| `dark-workbench.png` | Full VS Code workbench with dark theme |
| `dark-activity-bar.png` | Activity bar with dark theme |
| `dark-sidebar.png` | Sidebar with dark theme |
| `dark-status-bar.png` | Status bar with dark theme |
| `light-workbench.png` | Full VS Code workbench with light theme |
| `light-activity-bar.png` | Activity bar with light theme |
| `light-sidebar.png` | Sidebar with light theme |
| `light-status-bar.png` | Status bar with light theme |

## Updating Baselines

When you intentionally change theme colors, update the baselines:

```bash
npm run test:visual:update
```

Review the changes before committing to ensure they match your expectations.

## Important Notes

- **Do not edit these files manually** - they are auto-generated by Playwright
- These screenshots are compared against during `npm run test:visual`
- Small pixel differences (up to 100 pixels) are tolerated for anti-aliasing
- Screenshots are taken using Chromium in a locally served VS Code Web instance via `@vscode/test-web` at `http://localhost:3000`

Commit message:

feat: add cross-platform visual regression testing
- Run visual tests on Linux, Windows, and macOS in parallel
- Use platform-specific screenshot directories (linux/, win32/, darwin/)
- Replace 3rd party action with native git commands for snapshot commits
- Add xvfb-run for unit tests on Linux
- Increase screenshot diff tolerance for cross-platform rendering differences

test/screenshots/README.md, after:

# Visual Regression Baseline Screenshots

This directory contains baseline screenshots for visual regression tests.

## Directory Structure

Screenshots are organized by platform due to differences in font rendering and anti-aliasing:

```
test/screenshots/
├── linux/          # Baselines for Linux (CI environment)
├── darwin/         # Baselines for macOS (if needed)
├── win32/          # Baselines for Windows (if needed)
└── README.md
```

## Files (per platform)

| Screenshot | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| `dark-workbench.png` | Full VS Code workbench with dark theme |
| `dark-activity-bar.png` | Activity bar with dark theme |
| `dark-sidebar.png` | Sidebar with dark theme |
| `dark-status-bar.png` | Status bar with dark theme |
| `light-workbench.png` | Full VS Code workbench with light theme |
| `light-activity-bar.png` | Activity bar with light theme |
| `light-sidebar.png` | Sidebar with light theme |
| `light-status-bar.png` | Status bar with light theme |

## Updating Baselines

### Locally

When you intentionally change theme colors, update the baselines for your current platform:

```bash
npm run test:visual:update
```

### Via CI (Recommended for all platforms)

To generate baselines for all platforms (Linux, Windows, macOS) at once:

1. Go to **Actions** > **CI** workflow
2. Click **Run workflow**
3. Check **Update visual regression snapshots**
4. The workflow will run on all 3 platforms in parallel and commit the updated baselines

Review the changes before merging to ensure they match your expectations.

## Important Notes

- **Do not edit these files manually** - they are auto-generated by Playwright
- These screenshots are compared against during `npm run test:visual`
- Small pixel differences (up to 500 pixels) are tolerated for anti-aliasing
- Screenshots are taken using Chromium in a locally served VS Code Web instance via `@vscode/test-web` at `http://localhost:3000`
- **Platform-specific baselines**: Each OS may render fonts differently, so baselines are stored per-platform
